Style changes (#1297)
snowplow/documentation: tutorials/signals-end-to-end/review-api-deployment.md

Go to your website and find your own `domain_userid`.

> You can use the [Snowplow Chrome Plugin](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/snowplow-inspector/maplkdomeamdlngconidoefjpogkmljm?hl=enandpli=1) to get it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [Snowplow Chrome Plugin](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/snowplow-inspector/maplkdomeamdlngconidoefjpogkmljm?hl=en&pli=1) to get it.
```
